com/atakmap/database/android/BindArgument.java
 com.atakmap.database.android.BindArgument
com/atakmap/database/RowIteratorWrapper.java
 com.atakmap.database.RowIteratorWrapper
com/atakmap/mapcoreinterfaces/BuildConfig.java
 com.atakmap.mapcoreinterfaces.BuildConfig
com/atakmap/coremap/filesystem/SecureDeleteThread.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.filesystem.SecureDeleteThread
com/atakmap/net/AtakCertificateDatabaseIFace.java
 com.atakmap.net.AtakCertificateDatabaseIFace
com/atakmap/database/RowIterator.java
 com.atakmap.database.RowIterator
com/atakmap/database/impl/QueryImpl.java
 com.atakmap.database.impl.QueryImpl
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/coords/NorthReference.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.NorthReference
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/coords/Ellipsoid.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.Ellipsoid
com/atakmap/coremap/conversions/CoordinateFormatUtilities.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.conversions.CoordinateFormatUtilities
 com.atakmap.coremap.conversions.CoordinateFormatUtilities$1
com/atakmap/database/FilteredCursor.java
 com.atakmap.database.FilteredCursor
com/atakmap/util/ReadWriteLock.java
 com.atakmap.util.ReadWriteLock
com/atakmap/interop/Pointer.java
 com.atakmap.interop.Pointer
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/coords/Vector2D.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.Vector2D
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/coords/DirectionType.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.DirectionType
com/atakmap/database/android/AndroidCursorAdapter.java
 com.atakmap.database.android.AndroidCursorAdapter
com/atakmap/database/CursorIface.java
 com.atakmap.database.CursorIface
 com.atakmap.database.CursorIface$1
com/atakmap/comms/NetConnectString.java
 com.atakmap.comms.NetConnectString
com/atakmap/net/AtakAuthenticationDatabaseIFace.java
 com.atakmap.net.AtakAuthenticationDatabaseIFace
com/atakmap/coremap/filesystem/RemovableStorageHelper.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.filesystem.RemovableStorageHelper
com/atakmap/database/StatementIface.java
 com.atakmap.database.StatementIface
com/atakmap/coremap/io/DatabaseInformation.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.io.DatabaseInformation
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/coords/Vector3D.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.Vector3D
com/atakmap/coremap/conversions/AreaUtilities.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.conversions.AreaUtilities
 com.atakmap.coremap.conversions.AreaUtilities$1
com/atakmap/net/CertificateManager.java
 com.atakmap.net.CertificateManager
 com.atakmap.net.CertificateManager$1
 com.atakmap.net.CertificateManager$CentralTrustManager
 com.atakmap.net.CertificateManager$CentralTrustManager$1
 com.atakmap.net.CertificateManager$CentralTrustManager$CertificatePrompt
 com.atakmap.net.CertificateManager$ExtendedSSLSocketFactory
com/atakmap/util/zip/ZipFile.java
 com.atakmap.util.zip.ZipFile
 com.atakmap.util.zip.ZipFile$1
 com.atakmap.util.zip.ZipFile$EocdRecord
 com.atakmap.util.zip.ZipFile$RAFStream
 com.atakmap.util.zip.ZipFile$ZipInflaterInputStream
com/atakmap/util/zip/ZipConstants.java
 com.atakmap.util.zip.ZipConstants
com/atakmap/coremap/conversions/Area.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.conversions.Area
com/atakmap/database/FilteredRowIterator.java
 com.atakmap.database.FilteredRowIterator
com/atakmap/annotations/DeprecatedApi.java
 com.atakmap.annotations.DeprecatedApi
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/coords/UTMPoint.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.UTMPoint
com/atakmap/net/KeyManagerFactoryIFace.java
 com.atakmap.net.KeyManagerFactoryIFace
com/atakmap/io/ZipVirtualFile.java
 com.atakmap.io.ZipVirtualFile
 com.atakmap.io.ZipVirtualFile$AcceptAllFileFilter
 com.atakmap.io.ZipVirtualFile$EnumerationIterator
 com.atakmap.io.ZipVirtualFile$FilenameFileFilter
 com.atakmap.io.ZipVirtualFile$HierarchicalZipFile
 com.atakmap.io.ZipVirtualFile$OpenArchiveSpec
 com.atakmap.io.ZipVirtualFile$VSIZipFileInputStream
com/atakmap/coremap/loader/NativeLoader.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.loader.NativeLoader
com/atakmap/util/zip/Zip64.java
 com.atakmap.util.zip.Zip64
com/atakmap/util/zip/CloseGuard.java
 com.atakmap.util.zip.CloseGuard
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/coords/DistanceCalculations.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.DistanceCalculations
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/coords/MutableUTMPoint.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.MutableUTMPoint
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/time/CoordinatedTime.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.time.CoordinatedTime
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.time.CoordinatedTime$1
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.time.CoordinatedTime$SimpleDateFormatThread
com/atakmap/database/android/AndroidQueryStatement.java
 com.atakmap.database.android.AndroidQueryStatement
com/atakmap/util/zip/BufferIterator.java
 com.atakmap.util.zip.BufferIterator
com/atakmap/coremap/conversions/CoordinateFormat.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.conversions.CoordinateFormat
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/coords/GeoBounds.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.GeoBounds
com/atakmap/util/zip/IoUtils.java
 com.atakmap.util.zip.IoUtils
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/coords/MutableMGRSPoint.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.MutableMGRSPoint
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/coords/GeoPointMetaData.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.GeoPointMetaData
com/atakmap/annotations/ModifierApi.java
 com.atakmap.annotations.ModifierApi
com/atakmap/util/zip/IntegralToString.java
 com.atakmap.util.zip.IntegralToString
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/coords/MutableGeoBounds.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.MutableGeoBounds
com/atakmap/database/android/AndroidDatabaseAdapter.java
 com.atakmap.database.android.AndroidDatabaseAdapter
 com.atakmap.database.android.AndroidDatabaseAdapter$1
com/atakmap/database/impl/StatementImpl.java
 com.atakmap.database.impl.StatementImpl
com/atakmap/coremap/conversions/SpanUtilities.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.conversions.SpanUtilities
 com.atakmap.coremap.conversions.SpanUtilities$1
com/atakmap/util/ReferenceCount.java
 com.atakmap.util.ReferenceCount
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/assets/Icon.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.assets.Icon
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.assets.Icon$1
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.assets.Icon$Builder
com/atakmap/coremap/conversions/Span.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.conversions.Span
com/atakmap/coremap/cot/event/CotContentHandler.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.cot.event.CotContentHandler
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/coords/ECEF.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.ECEF
com/atakmap/database/Databases.java
 com.atakmap.database.Databases
com/atakmap/coremap/cot/event/CotPoint.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.cot.event.CotPoint
 com.atakmap.coremap.cot.event.CotPoint$1
com/atakmap/coremap/io/DefaultIOProvider.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.io.DefaultIOProvider
com/atakmap/database/IteratorCursor.java
 com.atakmap.database.IteratorCursor
com/atakmap/database/android/CursorIfaceAdapter.java
 com.atakmap.database.android.CursorIfaceAdapter
com/atakmap/coremap/cot/event/CotDetail.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.cot.event.CotDetail
 com.atakmap.coremap.cot.event.CotDetail$1
com/atakmap/coremap/log/Log.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.log.Log
 com.atakmap.coremap.log.Log$LogListener
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/coords/GeoPoint.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.GeoPoint
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.GeoPoint$1
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.GeoPoint$Access
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.GeoPoint$AltitudeReference
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.GeoPoint$DistanceCalculation
com/atakmap/coremap/filesystem/SecureDelete.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.filesystem.SecureDelete
com/atakmap/database/CursorWrapper.java
 com.atakmap.database.CursorWrapper
com/atakmap/util/zip/Streams.java
 com.atakmap.util.zip.Streams
com/atakmap/coremap/concurrent/NamedThreadFactory.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.concurrent.NamedThreadFactory
com/atakmap/coremap/cot/event/CotEvent.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.cot.event.CotEvent
 com.atakmap.coremap.cot.event.CotEvent$1
com/atakmap/annotations/IncubatingApi.java
 com.atakmap.annotations.IncubatingApi
com/atakmap/database/DatabaseIface.java
 com.atakmap.database.DatabaseIface
com/atakmap/database/android/AndroidStatementAdapter.java
 com.atakmap.database.android.AndroidStatementAdapter
com/atakmap/coremap/filesystem/SecureDeleteEvent.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.filesystem.SecureDeleteEvent
com/atakmap/coremap/conversions/Angle.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.conversions.Angle
com/atakmap/util/Collections2.java
 com.atakmap.util.Collections2
 com.atakmap.util.Collections2$1
 com.atakmap.util.Collections2$EmptyIterator
com/atakmap/database/impl/DatabaseImpl.java
 com.atakmap.database.impl.DatabaseImpl
com/atakmap/database/QueryIface.java
 com.atakmap.database.QueryIface
com/atakmap/coremap/filesystem/FileSystemUtils.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.filesystem.FileSystemUtils
 com.atakmap.coremap.filesystem.FileSystemUtils$FileNameInvalid
 com.atakmap.coremap.filesystem.FileSystemUtils$FileTreeData
com/atakmap/coremap/conversions/AngleUtilities.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.conversions.AngleUtilities
 com.atakmap.coremap.conversions.AngleUtilities$1
com/atakmap/coremap/io/IOProviderFactory.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.io.IOProviderFactory
com/atakmap/database/Bindable.java
 com.atakmap.database.Bindable
com/atakmap/coremap/cot/event/CotIllegalException.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.cot.event.CotIllegalException
com/atakmap/util/zip/ZipEntry.java
 com.atakmap.util.zip.ZipEntry
com/atakmap/coremap/xml/XMLUtils.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.xml.XMLUtils
com/atakmap/coremap/io/IOProvider.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.io.IOProvider
com/atakmap/map/EngineLibrary.java
 com.atakmap.map.EngineLibrary
com/atakmap/coremap/locale/LocaleUtil.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.locale.LocaleUtil
com/atakmap/util/zip/HeapBufferIterator.java
 com.atakmap.util.zip.HeapBufferIterator
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/coords/MGRSPoint.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.MGRSPoint
com/atakmap/coremap/cot/event/CotAttribute.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.cot.event.CotAttribute
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/coords/GeoCalculations.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.GeoCalculations
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/coords/ErrorCategory.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.coords.ErrorCategory
com/atakmap/util/zip/ZipOutputStream.java
 com.atakmap.util.zip.ZipOutputStream
com/atakmap/coremap/conversions/ConversionFactors.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.conversions.ConversionFactors
com/atakmap/coremap/maps/conversion/EGM96.java
 com.atakmap.coremap.maps.conversion.EGM96
com/atakmap/net/AtakAuthenticationCredentials.java
 com.atakmap.net.AtakAuthenticationCredentials
